[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Jerry Wills
has become such an audience
and personal favorite that
I've begun calling him JerBear.
Recently, we were
in a conversation
about his adventures in research
in Bigfoot country, the Pacific
Northwest.
But as he and his wife Kathy
were putting the pieces
together, a completely
different story began emerging,
and we're going to share
that with you today.
And it is fascinating,
because we
tend to think of these as
isolated events, although we
know there are clusters.
Everyone knows
Sasquatch viewing is
going to be best up in
the Pacific Northwest,
if you ever have the possibility
to have an encounter, right?
But you saw something
else completely.
So first of all, you
intrigued me on the phone.
We were talking privately a
couple weeks ago that something
bigger than Bigfoot.
OK.
>>JERRY WILLS:
Well, what happened
is that while we were in
the Pacific Northwest,
we were wondering why there?
And of course, we'd
never been there.
So going to that area,
it became pretty obvious.
It's heavily forested mountains.
Plenty of opportunity
for something
this size and this
enigmatic to go and just
disappear into the woods.
So then we started talking
to some of the folks,
and some of the things we
heard were just extraordinary.
It wasn't just seeing
them but seeing
them appear or disappear.
And then there were some
reports of what some folks call
cryptids or cryptoids.
These are beings that have
never been seen before on Earth,
but these folks are
saying they saw it,
for example, a large
praying mantis-like thing.
>>REGINA: Well, we hear
about the mantis people,
and sometimes
they're even assigned
to living at the
center of the Earth,
for example, or under
the Earth's surface.
But you were seeing--
these people are
seeing them above.
>>WILLS: Yeah, and saying,
they were just out hunting,
and there was this thing.
And it scared them quite
badly, as it would anybody,
I would imagine.
And it would just stand
there and looking at them.
And then it turned and
walked and just disappeared.
One guy said it was a bit of a
flash and it would disappear.
Another fellow said it just sort
of faded out and disappeared.
So he wasn't sure if
he was going crazy
or if he'd really
seen something.
But we heard more and more
of these stories and not just
from the residents that are
actually looking for Bigfoot.
We went to the reservations and
spoke with indigenous folks.
We figured if there's
something to it,
then there's got to be
a history about this
that goes far beyond
when, quote, unquote,
white people showed up in this
area and started occupying it.
And sure enough, it
went back to the point,
from what we were told,
that these beings were
there long before there
were ever any people there.
So that was intriguing.
Why would that be?
Where did they come from?
A lot of questions
started popping up.
And simultaneous
to this, we're also
looking into a lot of
other anomalous things.
We've already covered
a story, Kathy and I
did, on the Joplin Spook Lights.
Totally bizarre.
I tried to walk into
the woods to get closer
to see if it was
really a person.
It wasn't a person.
You have the lights in Texas,
the Marfa Lights And over
in, I think, North
or South Carolina,
it's the Brown Mountain Lights.
And then you've got others
in other parts of the country
as well.
None of these are explainable.
So there was another
pin on the map for us
to do more inquiry about.
And then we came in contact
with the folks in Arkansas,
right outside of Mena, Arkansas.
>>REGINA: Those are
famous crystal mines.
>>WILLS: Yeah, it's a great
place for crystal mines.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>>WILLS: Well, there's a
place called Board Camp Mine.
I interviewed those folks
during one of my shows.
And they have video
of a rock levitating,
rocks moving by themselves.
And in talking to
them, they're saying
that there are also
prolific Bigfoot encounters
and that there are beams
of light shooting up
out of the ground, a bluish
color beam of light shooting up
out of the ground into the
sky on several occasions
and sometimes several
lights, as I remember.
That was really something
to consider as well.
So we started talking.
>>REGINA: Then David Paulides.
>>WILLS: Then David Paulides.
>>REGINA: You started
encountering that information.
Please explain to everybody
that doesn't know his story.
>>WILLS: Well, David Paulides
has done extraordinary research
and brought several
books forward
about people that go into
the national park system
never to be seen again.
Now, that on the
surface could be
taken as, well,
maybe they got lost
and they died, or whatever, and
I'm sure there's some of that.
>>REGINA: Or there are creepy
people there or whatever,
whatever.
>>WILLS: Something, explainable.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: But in way
too many instances,
for example, this
one fellow, he's
just in a group of
100 people running,
but he vanishes never
to be seen again.
A child playing right
there next to his parents--
they turn away.
They turn back.
He's gone.
They find his body somewhere
up on the mountains.
It had not been
attacked by an animal.
And one of the crazy
things is a lot of times,
they find the person's
shoes taken off,
and that's all they find.
In the case of this
particular person,
they found the clothes
inside out right there next
to the remains.
The remains weren't found
for like four years,
and this is right here outside
of Boulder, this child.
And the clothes didn't look
like they had any wear on them
at all after four winters.
So I mean, this really,
really strange thing.
>>REGINA: The implication being
that the little boy's body
was deposited back there.
>>WILLS: Well, somehow
it ended up there.
No one knows how.
There are even instances
where someone, a child,
is gone from here, and they're
found, like 15, 20 miles away
on some other mountain side.
And the rescuers find them and
they don't have their shoes on.
And they don't know
how they got there.
Of course, they can't
communicate anyway.
They're just children.
A lot of strange things.
How is this possible?
So we're just
wondering about this.
Now, while we're accumulating
these different data
points of different
strange events,
Kathy started watching
something on YouTube
by this fellow that goes
by the name of Dutchsinse.
And what he's doing--
nothing really connected
with what we're doing.
It's just interesting for
us, because he's figured out
how to predict earthquakes.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and
he's good at it.
>>WILLS: He's really good.
And he's showing these
maps and these fault lines.
And he talks about the
North America Craton
And Kathy goes, wait a minute.
See that little dip that
goes up and back down again?
That's right there
at Mena, Arkansas.
It's just right in the same
vicinity as Joplin Spook
Lights.
And look, these Marfa Lights,
that's right down here
at this part of the craton.
Well, gee, that's interesting.
And then we started looking
at the David Paulides map,
and there was another
pattern there.
So we started looking
at these different maps
that folks have generated
that show us what they found.
And these maps start looking
as though there is a pattern,
whether it's Bigfoot,
UFOs, missing people,
or the spook lights.
>>REGINA: We're showing a couple
maps as we're talking here.
And so the thick line that
you're seeing is the craton.
But you need to explain now
to everyone what a craton is.
>>WILLS: Yeah, that's
good, because I
didn't know what it was either.
I'm not a geologist,
so this is going
to be like elementary
school explanation.
>>REGINA: That's-- we're
all there with you.
>>WILLS: OK, good.
I'm sure there are
geologists watching, going,
oh, I could have said it better.
Well, the craton,
as I understand it,
is a very large,
solid, dependably
in place piece of rock.
I don't know how far
down into the Earth
it goes, but
everything around it
is going to be subject
to shift and abuse,
but the craton is going
to be very, very solid.
>>REGINA: It would appear that
Kansas and up into the Midwest
and up into the
Dakotas there and such
would all be part
of that, right?
>>WILLS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So those would
be more stable land masses.
>>WILLS: Right.
The only thing
missing from this map
is showing a fault line that
goes up the Mississippi River.
>>REGINA: I was going
to ask about that.
Right.
So within it, there
is this fault line.
>>WILLS: There is.
And actually right off
to the right side of it,
there is a second-- you
see the black line there?
That is the second
aspect of the craton,
but you have mountains right
there in between the two.
And right there on
that black line,
I think it's in South
Carolina, where you
have the Brown Mountain Lights.
It follows right along
where that line ends.
>>REGINA: OK, now we
see all these clusters.
And these represent--
each of the maps
represents different clusters
of different kinds of sightings
and experiences.
>>WILLS: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: But then you see on
the West Coast, that goes down
the Pacific Ring of Fire
into the San Andreas fault
line, the famous San Andreas,
which, I think Dutch says,
has some activity
coming up pretty soon.
>>WILLS: Yeah,
actually, I've heard
from a few different sources.
we want to go there
and be standing just
in the desert there in
Southern California.
We're going to be going
out in the desert,
and I want to do a live
broadcast during an earthquake.
>>REGINA: Dutch
better be precise.
You might be melting out
there for a few days.
>>WILLS: Well, I want to wait
until the weather cools off.
>>REGINA: Yeah, OK.
But anyway, not to
distract you, but yeah,
so that's what the clusters
down the West Coast are,
is fault activity.
>>WILLS: Yeah, it is, and if you
were to take a look at the USGS
maps-- which I couldn't
find one for the show today.
But they are out there, and they
show these spider vein looking
lines all through, from outside
the West Coast and the ocean
all the way across into Nevada.
Then there are some that
go across the bottom
there, where you see
where Southern California
into Arizona and so forth.
There are all these spider web
vein of fissures and fractures
and fracture zones,
because the plates
are pushing against that.
And because they're
pushing against it,
it's breaking it up.
And this has been going
on for millions of years.
But how that applies
to the theory
that Kathy brought
to my attention
was because I know electronics.
And I know you take a
crystal, you squeeze it,
and you get
electricity out of it.
But now you've got
something that's thousands
of miles long being squeezed.
And when one thing shifts, it's
like an impact on that crystal
that releases all
kinds of energy.
And when that
energy is released,
it's got to go somewhere,
either through the Earth
as an electrical charge,
into the air as lightning,
or who knows?
You get enough of this energy
and very strange things
can happen on the surface.
And what we are
wanting to do next
with this theory, because we're
speculating at this point,
is we want to get a
record of specific dates,
as close as possible,
were there are
disappearances, specific
dates, for example,
from Board Camp Mine.
In that case, it
should be easy enough,
because they have cameras
with clocks on them,
to get time and date
when something happened.
Start gathering
this data and then
compare it to when
there have been--
>>REGINA: Phenomena,
activity, yeah.
>>WILLS: Yeah, the Earth, like
a quake or a tremor or whatever,
even if it wasn't in that area.
Because what you've got
here is a conductivity
that goes through the stones,
and it goes all the way
around and through
these different areas.
So we want to get that data,
plug it in, and then see
if there is really
something to this theory.
We've not found anyone else
looking at it this way.
And if it happens that we do see
that this pattern is beginning
to fully form from just an
obvious looking thing on paper
to actually having some
data to support it,
then would it be possible
with enough data--
and I think we can
get that data--
would it be possible to build
a device so that you could
measure the energy and perhaps
predict when an event was going
to take place using technology?
If so, it might
not explain where
people go when they go missing.
Of course, it wouldn't,
but it could explain why.
>>REGINA: Yeah, if you
have a massive shift
in the electromagnetic
field, and we're in an
interdimensional--
we're on a planet that
has multi dimensions, just
as we are multidimensional,
that's the interesting
crossover there.
How does that work?
With the electromagnetic
field doing a very rapid
sudden shift, how can
that affect our own field
or the field of
these beings to be
able to become
more or less dense?
>>WILLS: Well, here's a couple
of really strange things
along that line of thought.
First off, a jet is
approaching the Miami airport
and then suddenly,
it just isn't there.
And for 10 minutes,
they can't find it.
They presume some terrible
thing has happened.
It's crashed.
And then 10 minutes go by,
and suddenly, the pilot's
on there going, why
aren't you answering us?
Hello.
The jet lands.
They check the
chronometer on the jet,
which is always being
checked during flight
and before approach.
And the peoples'
watches, everybody
was 10 minutes behind.
That's just one instance.
There's a bunch of these
over the Bermuda Triangle.
>>REGINA: And this is the
phenomena that people often
see with UFOs.
They blink in and out.
They're there.
They're going
across a trajectory,
they just disappear, and
boom, you see them again.
And so this blinking in
and out is just a matter
of shifting densities.
>>WILLS: Well, either
that or finding a wormhole
and passing through it.
>>REGINA: Or finding
a wormhole, right.
>>WILLS: Now,
there's an instance
where a fellow was driving in
New Jersey, ended up suddenly
finding himself
on the West Coast.
He couldn't explain
how he got there.
There's another fellow
that was skiing.
Suddenly, he disappeared,
and he's someplace else.
Couldn't explain
how he got there.
And then there's me.
I was driving for
a carton of smokes
in the East Phoenix Valley.
I'm going along.
Been on this route a few times
going to the reservation.
They're less expensive there.
And all of a sudden,
I just blink,
and I'm going down a dirt
road at 65 miles an hour,
coming to the end of
the road where it Ts.
>>REGINA: Unsafe.
>>WILLS: And I scream to
a stop on this dirt road.
And I'm looking around.
I can't figure out
how I got there.
I was just driving
down the road.
I was a couple miles
away from my destination.
So I call Kathy and I--
I'm all shook up.
I say, I don't know
exactly how this happened,
but I don't know where I'm at.
What do you mean?
I explained it.
She says, oh, gosh, well,
tell me your surroundings.
She got Google Earth, and
finally we figured out,
I was about seven miles
away from where I had been.
Made my way back.
Got over there.
Did my business and
left and went back home.
I have never been able to
explain how that happened.
I think these events
are taking place
in a random pattern at random
times, and seemingly so,
but I also believe
that there is some way
to detect before it occurs,
and because of that,
I'd like to find as
much data as possible
in order to see if there
is any correlation.
>>REGINA: It would
be interesting
if it can become predictive.
But then you look at some
other cases of disappearance,
the famous Bermuda Triangle,
right, with small aircraft
and so forth disappearing.
And then you think about it.
Now, under there, theoretically,
was the last island
or continent of Atlantis.
We know it went down in a fury,
in terms of earthquake activity
and other activity as well.
But obviously, a very active
mass underneath the ocean floor
there.
So that could be subject
to this phenomenon
you're talking about as well.
>>WILLS: Yeah, I think so.
And it isn't happening just
on the surface of the Earth.
It's happening above the
surface of the Earth as well.
And I think a lot of the storms
that we see have something
to do with this.
And the reason I mention that
is because Professor David
Paris, who is a fellow
who lives in Omaha,
he has built a real
working warp drive.
We interviewed him, and he
is basically a meteorologist
and an engineer.
Teaches at the University
of Nebraska Omaha.
And he was telling me about
a lot of strange weather
phenomena and
trying to figure out
exactly how there was a
correlation between the weather
phenomena and electromagnetic
energy happening
on the Earth at that time, or
if there was something happening
in the atmosphere
that was the impetus
for this strange
phenomena to occur.
He had several instances
of private aircraft
that were flying along
and suddenly, they're
100 miles further down route.
They don't know
how they got there.
And it's provable
they didn't fly there
because the amount of fuel they
had leaving from the Bahamas
and going towards Miami.
A lot of instances of this.
>>REGINA: It's interesting.
You almost-- it could almost
be like a time slippage too.
>>WILLS: Yes, exactly.
>>REGINA: Where our
interface with timelines
is becoming less stable.
I mean, I'm just kind of
looking at what you're saying
and then I want to add another
little phenomena on that.
Maybe 8 to 10 years
ago or so, there
was some really weird
weather activity
happening in the Midwest.
And I was looking into it.
And then I thought, you
know, I think I'm going to go
into a deeper meditation, one
of those where either you get
something or you don't.
The way I do it is show me if
I'm supposed to see something.
If not, just keep
the screen black,
and I'll go on with my day.
And so I don't have
a lot of attachment.
But what happened in this
particular session was
I was seeing these
vortices, right.
And you know how everyone's
talked about for years--
I mean, I think Gregg
Braden really brought it
to our attention--
the pole reversal,
the flip in the magnetic
field and that this
happens every so often.
And so what I was
being shown was
that there were spots
dotted all around the Earth
where the local polarity had
already reversed itself, right?
And that this wasn't
like an overnight thing.
That it's something
that starts happening.
and gaining in its
strength and power
just through the
sheer numbers of spots
that start reversing it.
I thought, well,
that's interesting.
It's kind of a more gentle
way to ease into it.
But could the reversal of
polarity in given regions also
have something to do with it?
And we're just speculating,
because this is all a matter
of speculation at this point.
>>WILLS: Oh, yeah, it is.
>>REGINA: I mean, to
any viewers watching,
if they have their own kind
of ideas and experiences
with this, we'd love
to hear from you.
>>WILLS: Oh, yeah, yeah.
As a matter of fact, we've
gotten our supporters
on Patreon involved to start
helping us crunch the numbers
and gather the data.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's wonderful.
So let's talk about all these
different potential tears
in what we think of as reality.
>>WILLS: Well, you know one of
the things that came to my mind
when we started doing this
research was having lived near
Sedona--
you lived in Sedona.
>>REGINA: Yes, for many years.
>>WILLS: It's a well-known
area for vortices,
and they're very
detectable, so what
happens when you have
a vortex like that,
and one of these
Earth energy events
adds incredible
amounts of power to it?
Is this going to be responding,
as you might consider,
that it just increases
the strength of the field?
Or would it become
so strong that it
could reverse that field?
Could it be so strong
that it actually opens up
whatever it is that opens up,
and there's another universe
right there parallel to it?
>>REGINA: Exactly and that's--
OK, so now we get into
a bit of a hermetic view
of the whole thing,
where the Earth
is positioned in this
particular spot between higher
and lower realms.
And we're talking, three
above, three below.
And again, I've met
people, and we're
talking about some
creatures here,
as well, that come through.
We're talking
about skin walkers.
We're talking about a lot
of different odd phenomena--
chupacabra--
things that don't belong here.
They're not part of
our physical reality.
Yet, they can show up,
and people see them.
So what about this notion?
That where you're
in an area with kind
of extreme potential
for energetic disruption
or disturbance, you're creating
rifts or terrors, so to speak,
that allow for a bleed through
from another dimension.
And if it's a negative event,
literally another realm,
another dimensional
realm of reality
to bleed through
into this one, where
events are more challenging,
where the beings
are more frightening.
And maybe they steal
energy and so forth.
That's their domain
possibly spilling over.
Is that any different than when
people have a bleed through,
where they leave their body, and
they're suddenly in that higher
realm, where they're seeing
light and beautiful entities
and being shown the
beautiful ways forward?
>>WILLS: Good point.
You know, I see--
and I don't know how
to use the term in less
of or in a more descriptive way,
but let's call it dimensions.
Think of it as
layers on an onion
or just layers of different
kinds of ice creams--
chocolate, strawberry, vanilla.
And you've got something
over here on this layer,
we'll call it layer
one and layer two
and three and four and five.
They all have their
own things going on.
It looks like the Earth, but
there are different things
happening there.
And it's almost as though you
were tuning a radio across.
>>REGINA: Exactly, just
the different dimensions,
each one having its own
reality, its own civilizations.
>>WILLS: So these huge
potentials of energy
that are causing
a rift, they would
be moving across
like a wave of energy
through these
different dimensions.
And that's why we want to try to
figure out how to measure this.
>>REGINA: No, I think
it's fascinating,
because nobody really puts
the notion of tectonic plates
and Earth activity,
seismic activity,
in the same conversation
with Bigfoot
and all of these other
phenomena we're talking about.
>>WILLS: Sure, because Bigfoot
just walk along and vanish.
These cryptoid
things, whatever they
are, whether the chupacabra
or the insect looking things,
they're there.
They're gone.
You know the same--
I don't know about skin walkers.
I'm not so sure about that.
I think that's something
entirely different.
But you have a potential
of energy that is in place,
and you have someone
that walks into it
that destabilizes, takes
out of harmony, that energy.
>>REGINA: Or could
it be the energy
is destabilizing
them, either way.
>>WILLS: You know
I look at it more
like an electronic circuit.
If you have a tuned circuit,
you stick something in there,
it becomes untuned.
The energy has to
go somewhere, and it
goes into the person in
this particular case.
If you had a coil and run
electricity through it,
low frequency, you
know? it isn't DC.
It's AC.
It's like 15,000
cycles, just a coil.
And you put a nail in
there, that's going
to change how that coil works.
That coil's creating a field.
The nail represents something
foreign going into the field,
and it disturbs the
balance of that coil.
And that's how they
used to tune circuits--
used to, back in tube days.
Well, they still do it with
antennas for ham radios.
Now, if you have this field
of energy that suddenly just
blooms up, and, of course,
you can't tell it's there.
It's invisible, but
you walk into it,
and now you're sucking
that energy into you,
because that energy's going
to go into the person, which
is going to mean that more
energy is going to be pulled up
from where this came from.
It's going to try to bring
the person into balance
with the field.
That's the objective.
If there's enough
energy, it will do that.
>>REGINA: So you're going
to resonate yourself
in with that field.
>>WILLS: And then
the field is moving
across these
different dimensions,
these different
versions of reality,
these different bandwidths.
And as soon as the
energy normalizes,
where are you deposited?
You don't know.
No one does,
including the person
left in the case of the
young Indian boy that
jumped through the doorway
at the Crystal Plateau
in Southern Arizona.
He was never seen again, but
about 80 years later, a body
was found of a young boy,
not too far from the doorway.
And no one could identify who
he was or where he'd come from.
I think it was the
same young man that
jumped through that doorway.
He probably died of exposure.
Who knows?
Maybe it shocked him to death.
I don't know.
But I do know that
in electronics,
if you bring something
in like that,
there's going to be
a shift in the field,
if there's enough energy
potential to come up and try
to stabilize the field.
If it doesn't burn
up whatever is there,
and I don't think
this would, it's
going to put you in
resonance with the field,
and it's going to shift
you someplace else.
>>REGINA: So there's
another phenomena
that we can start putting in
place here, because it somehow
all goes together, right?
We're in a very unstable kind
of reality right now, it seems.
If you look at the notion that
the Earth herself is bumping up
in frequency range,
you know some people
say we're in the third.
Boom, now, we're in the
fifth, sixth, and so forth.
I think it happens a little
differently and more gradually
that.
But nonetheless, it seems
that we have made headway
in moving into, at least, a
fourth dimensional field now,
right?
How does that then start
interfacing with all this?
And I'm just going
to bring up one thing
and then get your
point of view on it.
I've had the feeling,
as I've thought
about it through
the years, that some
of the disappearing
species are staying
in the previous
frequency range of Earth.
They're staying on in
third-dimensional form
with a third-dimensional
aspect of Earth.
And if we're moving
into and are already
into the fourth
dimension, maybe it's
just that some of those
species aren't visible to us
any longer but still exist
within their own frequency
band, which means we should
start seeing new species coming
in on this frequency
range as well, right?
>>WILLS: I suppose, and maybe
that's what we are seeing.
>>REGINA: That's what--
I'm just laying stuff out
there that I've
been thinking about,
because you're a fun playmate.
[LAUGHS] Yeah.
>>WILLS: I understand,
and that is something
that I have considered as well
because of the Mandela Effect.
You know, what is
going on with that?
And you've got things
that are so different.
And moving into a different
realm of existence,
I was talking before about
different bandwidths,
like this, one, two, three,
four, five, and so on.
Well, what you're
saying basically
is we're going into
fourth dimension.
It's another bandwidth.
>>REGINA: Bandwidth, that's it.
>>WILLS: And we're
leaving things behind.
And I'm inclined
to agree with that.
I don't know how it works
>>REGINA: Well, it seems that
it's all frequency based.
We can only perceive in
a certain band, right?
>>WILLS: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And so this
exists in a band we have
our perceptive capabilities in.
It doesn't mean the other third
dimension of previous times
doesn't exist, and
it doesn't mean
the higher realms don't exist.
We're just not dialed into them.
>>WILLS: And then what
might be happening?
Somebody is going into one
of these portals or vortexes,
and they're ending up 100 years
in the future or 1,000 years
in the past?
>>REGINA: Well, so in a sense,
we know time is not linear.
>>WILLS: Right.
Well, that's exactly right.
And one of the things
that we've looked at--
for example, there is a report
out of Tombstone, Arizona
in the late 1800s, where these
ranchers were really upset
because a large, leathery bird
was jumping down out of the sky
and taking calves.
They shot it.
Took pictures.
It ends up being a pterodactyl.
Tombstone, versus
where this plateau is,
is not that far apart.
Did this thing,
this pterodactyl,
get somehow caught in
one of these vortices
and get just suddenly bumped a
million years into the future?
And if so, like you were saying,
some of these things that
have just gone missing
and in some instances
I think that folks don't even
realize that they ever existed.
But they're gone and
the reason I mention
that is because
there's a whole lot
of folks that don't realize
the little subtle changes that
have taken place where the
Mandela Effect is in existence.
>>REGINA: Yes, that as well.
>>WILLS: It's like, we're
surrounded by people that we
merged with, and they're going,
no, it's always been that way.
And you're looking
at it, going, what?
Look at this.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I mean, I'm just
trying to paint this picture.
It sounds like total chaos,
because it is, in a sense.
But if we think back, and
I've had this validated
through my own group of
beings that I'm a part of
and deal with,
it's my soul group,
also with Sheila Gillette
and the Theo Group.
And they all said,
yes, dragons walked
the Earth, when it was in a
particular frequency range.
And they still exist, and
they can show themselves
to various people
but in an off band
that most people can't see
into any longer, right?
And so we know species that
are well-known in our lore
have existed before
and have come and gone.
So how many other hundreds
or thousands of other species
are doing the same thing
that we're not even aware?
So look at this--
I mean, here we go.
We have a dimensional shift
going on, on the planet.
We have an impending pole shift,
and I'm seeing little pockets
already in advance on that one.
>>WILLS: Me, too.
>>REGINA: We're seeing this
Earth activity going on, right,
these major fault line areas.
What is that a recipe for except
one anomaly after another?
>>WILLS: Oh, and it
gets even better.
>>REGINA: OK,
entertain us some more.
>>WILLS: Oh, this is--
I'm sure some folks
know about this.
But about 1945, our position
around the edge of the Milky
Way galaxy, we're always
progressing forward.
It's a very, very long, tens
of thousands of years cycle.
>>REGINA: Yes, procession of the
equinox, you're referring to,
yeah.
>>WILLS: Exactly.
In the '40s, we started coming
out from behind the greater
Magellanic cloud.
That isolates us from
the center of the galaxy.
That doesn't mean that we're
just in direct line of sight.
If we were, the night would
be brighter than the day,
there's so much light there.
But we move around.
We're coming to a thinner and
thinner and thinner region.
What that means
is, is the energy
coming from the black hole at
the center of the Milky Way
galaxy, it's spewing energy
outward in all directions.
And that energy
has a direct impact
on our sun because of the
type of particulate matter
that's hitting the sun.
And that means that
the sun is going
to go through some changes.
And when that field
around the sun changes--
remember I talked about
the nail and the coil?
Well, you start changing
the resonant value of what's
called the solar capacitor.
Fans of the electric
universe will
know what I'm talking about,
but it causes an intense change
in the energy.
That change is energy
that is being changed.
And energy can't be
created or destroyed.
It has to be changed,
and when it gets changed,
it changes into something
else, in this case, heat.
When this heat
occurs, it's going
to cause not just the Earth
but the other planets out there
to also reciprocate
with a change,
and that's exactly
what's being seen.
>>REGINA: We're
not in a position
to control anything right now.
That's, I think,
the grace in this
is to realize we've all chosen
to incarnate at this time
to be part of this crazy
transition or transformation.
And so we shouldn't be surprised
at some of the forms it takes
and some of the
anomalies, events that
may happen in our own lives.
Meanwhile, we have
a group of people
who have been interacting
quite normally and naturally
with anomalies for a long
time in Navajo country.
And you know the Navajo
Rangers, Stanley and John.
And you've interviewed
them on your site, yeah?
>>WILLS: Yeah,
Fantastic interview.
Oh, my god, it was gripping.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So let's talk about-- we were
going to try to Skype them in.
>>WILLS: I know.
>>REGINA: But there
are political problems,
because a lot of the
elders and tribal members
really don't want a lot of their
information being passed around
in the media like this.
>>WILLS: Well,
that's part of it.
They're very
close-mouthed about it.
But I think in the
case of one of them,
it had to do with the higher ups
were not very pleased that he
was talking publicly in the
capacity of a police officer.
>>REGINA: Right,
OK, so, no, right.
>>WILLS: That was
how I understood it.
It could be more
than that or less.
I don't know.
>>REGINA: So let's see--
if Stanley had come today,
some of the things
he shared with you.
>>WILLS: Oh, my gosh.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about
what their experience
is of these various
anomalies on their land,
because they're much
more open to interactions
with other realms than
we are, Westerners are.
>>WILLS: Well, they have a very
rich history that we would call
some of it mythology and
some of it spiritualism,
but for them, it's life.
For example, I mean
Bigfoot is an example.
Not just from having
spoke with Stan and John,
but it gave us the
impetus to look deeper.
And there are ongoing
Bigfoot reports.
Now, most people say
Bigfoot is a big thing
with black and shaggy hair.
As it turns out, in this part
of the country, in the desert,
it's kind of a reddish-blond
hair, a reddish brown perhaps.
It's not just all black.
The one story that
really stood out to me
was when I was told that they
were called to this one woman's
home out on the reservation
who had some goats.
And the Bigfoot had stepped
over the fence, grabbed a goat,
walked off.
They followed it, after
the fact, of course.
They followed the footprints.
It went up a hill,
taking gigantic strides.
Went down the hill, went out
across this desert plain,
and the footprints were
easily identifiable.
They were good trackers.
And then it's like he took one
more step and just evaporated.
No more footprints anywhere,
and it was all on soft ground.
They couldn't really come to
terms with what happened to it.
It just vanished.
>>REGINA: It disappeared again.
>>WILLS: This wasn't
the first time something
like this had
occurred, nor was it
the first time I'd ever heard of
something like this occurring.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I've
interviewed a fellow named
SunBow, who's French Canadian.
SunBow says if you're looking
at him on a DNA level,
he has some Sasquatch
in him from a ways back.
And that might be why, a
very gentle soul like you,
why he's able to communicate
freely and telepathically
with Sasquatch.
And he's also seen
them physically
and gathered some hair
samples and things like that.
And one thing-- he
wrote two books.
And in the books, they talked--
they told him telepathically
about their own history
and background as even
preceding humanity
and that they are still
interdimensional as well.
They have the ability to
move between dimensions,
which would explain what
you're talking about.
>>WILLS: Yeah, exactly.
I think they have some
sort of built in capacity,
like some people are psychic.
And we've met those
folks like that.
I mean, they just have
an uncanny ability,
and so why wouldn't it be such?
>>REGINA: Yeah,
he says it's just
a skill set to be able
to shift your frequency
band so you can appear in
one or another dimension
>>WILLS: And just jump into
another place and you're gone.
>>REGINA: Right, so let's
talk about other phenomena.
Was it Stanley,
you were telling me
on the phone, the coins
falling out of the sky.
Where was that coming from?
>>WILLS: Well, that was
coming from some building
in the Window Rock area,
some official building.
They didn't want to really
give a location on this.
But no, I mean, it was the
strangest story you ever heard,
that coins were just
falling and sometimes they
were being thrown at them.
They were there
investigating why
are there these anomalous things
going on in this building?
And then suddenly,
they're having
these old coins thrown at them.
And then it followed
them home and started
throwing-- throwing coins
and coins appearing,
just falling out of
thin air to the floor.
>>REGINA: Pennies from heaven.
>>WILLS: Yeah, it was
just the strangest story.
>>REGINA: Yeah, OK, and
because you told me,
but we were just talking
about it casually.
I thought it was interesting.
>>WILLS: Oh, it's just bizarre.
>>REGINA: But also, you say that
ghosts and hauntings and that
sort of thing really are also
prominent around these active--
>>WILLS: That's something
else we were looking at.
I don't know that
it's absolutely
the case, because
we don't really
have an accurate map of this.
You see, what we want to do is
find something that continues
to reoccur, like the Joplin
Spook Lights or a haunting
in a building,
this sort of thing.
And when you have something
that occurs on a regular basis,
you can then go back and start
plugging in different data sets
to how it responds.
But yeah, from what
we've seen so far,
there's some very
haunted places,
and they just happen
to be right there
in the same areas as these
fault lines and fissures.
Very, very unusual, and, of
course, it's not so unusual
when you consider that--
because I pick this up watching
several different shows
and doing our own research,
the magnetic capacity
or the electrical capacity,
rather, of the human body,
it acts like an antenna.
And if you get certain
frequencies of energy
hitting you, it's going
to make you uncomfortable
and feel spooked.
Well, maybe that's the
reason why these places are
so haunted, because
it just really causes
that inside of a person.
>>REGINA: Well, and also, what
I learned with interviewing
Andrea Perron--
"The Conjuring's" based
on her family's story.
Really creepy stuff, right?
>>WILLS: It is.
>>REGINA: One thing that just
fascinated me about her story
is that they manifest
through electricity,
and they draw on
electrical current.
So again, we're talking about
electrical magnetic activity
that's happening
in these fissures
and during the seismic activity.
Huge.
And these entities
were able, in her case,
to utilize the
energy in the house.
And she said you could just
watch the meter spinning
when they were manifesting.
They were sucking up so
much electrical juice.
so what is there when we
have seismic activity,
in terms of entities
being able to manifest
into this dimension?
>>WILLS: Yeah, exactly
right, and it seems to me
that that is a real good
way of explaining it.
It really is.
When you were talking
about the meters,
you reminded me of something
that I was wondering about.
You remember, I told you
about the lights coming out
of the ground at Board
Camp mine with blue?
Well, blue is the
color of plasma.
>>REGINA: You're
saying near Mena.
>>WILLS: In Mena, Arkansas.
>>REGINA: Arkansas, right.
>>WILLS: Board Camp Mine.
Blue is the color of
high energy plasma.
If it gets in high
enough concentration,
it can burn things.
You remember in
Paradise, when it
was catching fire and
the reports coming out,
people were saying
that they thought
it was being beamed in from
space because these lines,
blue lines were just, it seemed
like coming out of the sky.
What if they were coming out the
Earth, just right there, right
there on top of a whole series
of fracture zones and faults?
I haven't put it together yet,
but it certainly sounds to me
that that kind of energy,
the first place it would go
is into power lines.
And from power lines, it would
go right into the meters.
>>REGINA: OK, now, let's add
a little overlay to that,
because I was looking at it
also from another point of view.
We've had chem
trails and contrails,
which also have all that
aluminum and junk in it.
We've had this stuff dumped,
that's all across the world
and for, now, decades.
And so we should be having a
build up of aluminum, for sure,
in the soil, in the debris
on the ground, and so forth.
Well, they use
that in fireworks.
Yeah, it's an
element in fireworks.
And everyone kept
saying "up there."
With whatever ignited
it, which could
be what you're talking about,
some trigger from the Earth,
and you have this build
up of these toxic metals
on the ground everywhere,
even in the pine needles.
There was almost spontaneous
explosion happening there.
Everything was just exploding.
And of course, PG&E--
they literally went
bankrupt as a result
of that particular event.
But I always thought like
they were also being a bit
scapegoated-- and I'm
not a fan of PG&E--
because I think there was
far more going on than that.
>>WILLS: I think there was, too.
And it's interesting
you bring up
the chem trails
and the composition
of materials in them.
Because when you take
that and you put it
with this amazing amount
of energy being released
from the Earth
periodically, you're
basically, in electronics,
you're building a capacitor.
>>REGINA: There you go.
>>WILLS: Something that
stores electricity and then
re-releases it.
You've basically get your
cathode and your anode plate,
and basically, it's a
negative and positive plate.
The area between the two
is your capacitance level.
And you have enough up here
to create a capacitance level
below the ionosphere.
Because the
ionosphere is actually
the top of the
capacitance level.
You bring in a lower, you
just detuned the frequency.
And you've just created
a very potent capacitor,
where energy can be stored.
It's going to be
released somehow.
And could it be
that this is part
of what HAARP is, to direct
where that energy goes off to?
I don't know.
>>REGINA: Well, it's said.
It is said that it works
in conjunction with that.
But again, just looking at
all the different factors
that this Earth is being exposed
to and that the Earth herself
is choosing to transition
through on a vibrational level
as well and in terms
of the magnetic field.
That would be Earth's
decision, right?
And then you're talking
about the solar effects
that are happening.
Some say we're headed
to a solar minimum,
others say we're at a maximum.
>>WILLS: No one can agree.
>>REGINA: So when we look
at all of this, yeah,
I think I just find it
fascinating that you're putting
phenomena together
with all of this--
these Earth energetic
expressions, shall we say?
>>WILLS: Yeah, thanks.
It really comes down to Kathy
having seen the pattern.
We were talking before
we came in to do this.
She had seen a pattern
on rocks and found
lost cities because of it.
She's very good at this.
>>REGINA: She is.
She's a smart cookie.
>>WILLS: Yeah, she is.
And she just does research
like you wouldn't believe.
>>REGINA: I know.
She does.
I love her.
>>WILLS: This was not
something that I was--
you know, I wasn't
thinking in lines of this.
>>REGINA: Well,
nobody was really.
I mean, I wasn't either.
But when you talk
about it now, it
seems like it's just kind
of hiding in plain sight.
Of course anomalous
things would happen
where you have explosions of
anomalous energy, electrical
or magnetic.
>>WILLS: And you
can look at the maps
and see that there is
definitely something there.
How do you explain it?
Not sure, but there's got
to be some bits and pieces
of strangeness that
can be plugged together
into this jigsaw puzzle that can
make a little bit more sense.
>>REGINA: I agree.
I mean, this is a
working theory right now.
It's in progress.
We're just bringing it
all up for everybody
to consider and add
their own pieces to.
But let's take a quick look
at the Joplin Spook Lights,
because we've mentioned
it a few times.
We have a little
bit of film here
and some people that
were observing it
and got their camera
out and, of course,
were startled and surprised.
>>MAN 1: When you're not
looking through that,
sometimes you've got
to strain to see it.
But yet on here--
>>MAN 2: It's got
two lights again.
Wait a minute.
One little one.
Wait.
Maybe three.
Hang on.
OK, wow.
It's got one ahead of it.
Now, it's getting really,
really bright, real bright.
Now, it's got one ahead
of it, way ahead of it.
Might be coming up the road.
Hang on now.
>>MAN 1: I see three lights.
>>MAN 2: Yeah, there's one
behind the bigger light.
There's multiple
lights there right now.
OK, now I'm seeing--
oh, I can't tell.
I'm not sure.
OK.
There's one little light that
went into the bigger light
to the left.
>>REGINA: So Jerry, I mean a lot
of people say, what are those?
UFOs, or is there something
out in the forest there?
>>WILLS: First off,
that flashing light--
we were there.
Kathy and I went there
to do a story about this.
That isn't our tape, of
course, but we went there.
And that flashing light is
from a cell phone tower.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I would
think that it would be.
It looks-- that looks--
it's such a regular pulse.
>>WILLS: And it's red, and
that's why it looks so bright.
The other lights you
see there are really
from where I imagine
these guys are,
it's probably 1,500
feet from them.
And those lights are
not red, and they're
showing up a little
different on this video,
because they're not red.
They don't look as bright
as that flashing light.
But they are anywhere
from a yellowish orange
light to where they
fully bloom out
and it becomes like
a piece of magnesium,
like a welder's arc,
that kind of brightness.
When we were there,
I wanted to find out
if someone was down
there goofing with us.
And there was other
people there too,
and people always go
looking, you know?
So I took a radio, and I
told Kathy, keep filming.
I'm going to walk down
there and find out
if somebody's down there.
I went walking down there,
and there was those lights
just right over there.
So I just go after it.
I get a little closer, and
it goes out and reappears off
to my right.
Just that fast.
Boom, just like that.
Well, that's strange.
So I started hollering at
it like maybe it was people.
I listened.
There's no sound.
And then, boom, boom.
From there to there,
to there to there.
And then there's two of them.
There's three of them.
And there's no
way to explain it.
I don't know what it is.
It is really a
tremendous mystery.
>>REGINA: I assume they're
called spook lights because it
spooks people.
>>WILLS: Well, they
all have stories.
It does spook people.
I mean, back in the
1800s, when settlers--
rather, early 1800s,
when settlers first
went into this
area, the native--
the Indians there,
they knew about it.
They had their own stories
of why it was happening.
No one really knows
why it's happening.
And then, as you
progress all around,
people get spooked by it
and it's a Spook Light.
But there's a reason
why it's occurring.
And I don't know
what the reason is,
but I've seen those same
lights around Machu Picchu,
around Huyana Picchu, and a
lot of other places in Peru
moving through the
Andes Mountains.
Sometimes they're
a different color
than just the orangish yellow
or yellow or brilliant white.
But in the instance
of all of them,
they're just completely
unexplainable.
And I'm thinking, is
there a relationship?
Remember I showed you
the map of the craton.
There's a little part
there from Texas,
comes up, a little dip up.
That's right there.
That energy is being
released right there.
So is there a
relationship to it?
And then, of course, I'm
really curious to find out.
>>REGINA: Well, what a
wonderful time and place
we live in right now.
And it's not all spooky.
You were telling me on the
phone about a woman named
Molly, who has a different
kind of experience.
She has a different
experience with Sasquatch.
>>WILLS: Yeah, well and
this was kind of a fun thing
she was telling us is that
her children are walking
from school, coming back
home, and that periodically,
there would be rocks
thrown at them.
Not in a malicious way but
just like a playful way.
And of course, it was Sasquatch.
And so the kids would
just really get the idea,
well, get out of here.
And Mom would tell them, this
is probably what's going on.
As the children
grew up, one of them
got a bit more persnickety.
So he picked up a rock and
started throwing it back
at him.
And then pretty soon, the rock
would be thrown back at him.
And so he went around to
try and catch up with him.
And they did this
chase scene of sorts,
but they never really caught
up with each other at all.
But it was just an
amazing story of how
there, Sasquatch, Bigfoot,
whatever they call them there,
they're not seen as something
that is malicious or dangerous.
They're just these other
people that they're
sharing the land with.
>>REGINA: And I think
that's a good way to put it.
They are a strain of
people just like we are.
>>WILLS: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: They're their own--
they're their own genetic
lineage from long ago.
>>WILLS: And from a lot of folks
that I've spoken to, who've had
ongoing encounters, whether
it's Native Americans or just
individuals outside
of that community,
they all say the same thing--
that they're telepathic,
that they're not malicious,
that they don't really
like being around humans.
>>REGINA: They have even
come to the aid of humans.
>>WILLS: Well, they
have and other animals.
>>REGINA: And other
animals, yeah.
>>WILLS: So there's nothing
mean about them at all.
>>REGINA: No, I don't get--
scary vibe doesn't
work for me and trying
to create fight scenarios.
>>WILLS: But I guarantee, if
you see one the first time,
it'll stop you.
>>REGINA: I'm sure
it would startle you.
[LAUGHS] OK, I'll got to tell
you this silly little thing.
So I had--
I have this Airstream
we just bought.
And I just can't
wait to wake up--
and I did it because I want
to wake up in the trees.
I just can't get enough tree
energy right now, right?
So we went up to Shasta to
meet a couple of people, really
more business
acquaintances for business.
But they were attending
a Sasquatch conference
with a guy named Ted.
So I thought, well, I should
probably just introduce
myself and say hi.
I'm in this general community.
Ted said, oh, yes,
you can join us.
Very sweet man.
Oh, sure, just come up.
And it's not a very
organized thing.
And he said, look,
they're talking to me
right now as we're speaking.
And Sasquatch is telling
me they'd really like it
if you would bring them
cinnamon buns with lots
of frosting on it.
I thought, OK.
I'm a good sport.
I say yes to everything.
I thought, hey, I'm headed up.
I'm going to make
his acquaintance.
You know, why not?
So I had to go to the local
bakery and I picked up--
preordered a big stack of
boxes full of cinnamon buns.
I don't know.
I'm guessing Ted and the
people that follow him probably
ate them the next morning.
But I did leave them there
at the campsite that he says
is a Sasquatch highway and
food disappears all the time.
So I did my part in trying
to fulfill a Sasquatch
dream, according to Ted is
to have a human sticky bun
with frosting on it.
>>WILLS: You know, I
have the same penchant.
Anytime you want to leave
it towards the river
I'm going down.
I am a Bigfoot.
>>REGINA: I haven't heard
whether they showed up or not.
That was just a couple days
ago, and here I am now.
But anyway, there's
one phenomenon
I always wondered about.
And I don't think you were
around Sedona at that time.
You might have been
living up in Jerome.
But this was probably
15 years ago now.
Went outside, and all
around town, traffic
was stopped at this time
because at the coffee shop
the next morning everyone
was talking about it.
The entire sky in Sedona
turned bright red,
almost like a deep,
blood bright red.
>>WILLS: I remember that.
>>REGINA: And there
were white spokes
that started coming down.
What the heck was that?
I mean, no one could
ever explain that one.
I'm still looking for an answer.
>>WILLS: Yeah, you know from
Jerome, it wasn't visible.
We didn't see it.
>>REGINA: No, you didn't.
You had to be in Sedona.
>>WILLS: Had to be in
that sphere of area.
I don't know what that was.
>>REGINA: That was
literally breathtaking.
Everyone stopped
what they were doing
and just stood like the
Earth had stood still.
>>WILLS: I have a photograph.
It shows this huge ship sort of
thing coming out of the clouds
when that happened.
>>REGINA: Oh, really?
Well, that would make
sense, because I hadn't
heard that part of the story.
No one talked about any ships,
which is common talk in Sedona.
>>WILLS: Actually, I
got it from Tom Dongo.
>>REGINA: Oh, from Dongo.
OK, that makes sense.
Interesting.
All right, so it might
have been an emanation.
Because there were--
after the sky turned red,
there were these white
rays projected downward.
>>WILLS: Yeah, I remember
when it happened.
We had received a phone call.
And we were looking like,
what are you talking about?
There's nothing going on there.
>>REGINA: No, it
was very pronounced.
I was standing in
my front walkway.
Jerry, again, we always
have so much fun.
And this was a wonderful
melee of just tossing ideas
into the pot to
seeing what can happen
when you put this kind of
energy together with phenomena.
It sounds like
anything's possible.
>>WILLS: Sounds like it.
And well, we're going
to try to figure it out.
I'm not saying we will.
>>REGINA: Yeah, but
you're onto something.
You've gotten all
of us thinking.
>>WILLS: Yeah, and it's good,
because the more people that
are thinking in
this direction, you
can start coming up
with your own ideas.
We have, in our
Patreon community,
we have a lot of folks now,
and they're getting the data.
And they're helping to piece
together this jigsaw puzzle
and share with us.
And we're sharing with
them, and we're trying
to figure it out together.
So it's pretty nice.
>>REGINA: I think
you'll be hearing
more from the Gaia community
watching this show too.
>>WILLS: I think
that would be great.
Because the folks
that watch this show,
we've been all over the world.
They love you, and this show
is their number one go-to show.
>>REGINA: Oh, I love it.
Thank you for sharing that.
Makes my day.
Jerry, thanks until next time.
I'll probably be talking
to you before we come back
on set together again.
And we'll hook up somewhere
besides Georgie's Cafe over
in Cottonwood.
Sounds like that's
a thing of the past.
Thanks again, Jerry.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
I love it.
It's always fun.
Again, Jerry never ceases to
produce fascinating stories
for us.
And you can continue
the journey with him
by going to jerrywillsshow.com.
You can hook up with his live
shows there and his community.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]